<h1>Live Project Code Snippets</h1>

<p>Snapshots of code that I worked on during my internship for Prosper I.T. Consulting.</p>

<p>During my internship for Prosper I.T. Consulting, I completed a two-week sprint working on an agile software development team to improve a code-first MVC application called Blue Ribbons Review. While working on the Blue Ribbons Review project, a discount deals website, I worked on both the front end and back end. On the front end, I improved the admin user interface by implementing a sort filter so that the admin could sort a seller by their last name, join date, and by how many total campaigns they have on the website (images 4-6). In the AdminView I also added a column called Discount that calculated the discount of an item as a percent off the retail price (image 7). I modified several other aspects of the UI, including the addition of dropdown links to the navigation and adding dashboard functionality to users designated as “Buyers” (image 1). This also included Modifying the Edit page of the Campaign view so that the dates/values of the each campaign are prepopulated into their respected fields (image 11). I cleaned up and improved the UX by moving page components to more logical locations, spacing various elements for aesthetics and conformity, and removing unnecessary features that bogged down the user.</p>

<p>On the back end, I added a Facebook Login button to connect to Facebook’s API and authenticate a user’s credentials (images 2-3). I also set up the AdminViewModel to pass in an argument for the campaign count and setting it to the property campaignCount in the constructor (image 9). I then coded the campaign count in the admin controller, using a LINQ statement so that it works by grabbing the UserID on the campaigns table that is equal to the ID on the Users table (image 8). I modified the index method in campaign controller with a LINQ statement so that only open campaigns show up instead of all campaigns (image 10).</p>
